<b>User Manual</b>

The application created is intended to be used by prospective homeowners and renters in PG County. On the application, there are visualizations that prospective homeowners and renters can utilize to better understand housing violations in PG County. Furthermore, the application is split into four sections: The homepage, the map, the about page, and the documentation page. The home page of the application shows visualizations hosted from Tableau, that show different analyses of the PG County housing inspection data. On the home page are four graphs provided. The first one is an interactive map that breaks down Prince George's county by zip code and shows which areas have more housing inspection violations based on the color. The second graph is a bar chart showing the amount of each type of violation, so people can see which violations occur the most. The third graph shows the amounts of violations over the span of the past six years, so people can see the recent trends. The fourth graph is similar to the third graph in that it shows data over the past six years, but it is more specific by showing each type of violation as well, so users can see the trends for each type of violation. The map page shows a map using Leaflet to pinpoint the specific locations that were inspected with housing violations. The about page explains our information problem, and introduces the team. Finally, the documentation page explains what each graph is depicting from the homepage and shows users how to use the interactivity of Tableau.
Prospective homeowners and renters can use the application to look into the history of different areas in Prince George's county in terms of housing inspections and housing violations. This is useful especially for renters so they can have an additional tool to know a little more about the conditions of the homes they are considering renting. An important note is that there is only information on homes with housing inspections from the past six years, so not every home in Prince George's county will be covered.
